Runtime 4.0.2 release notes (#144)
astronomer/cloud-docs: docs/runtime-release-notes.md

For instructions on how to upgrade, read [Upgrade Astronomer Runtime](upgrade-runtime). For general product release notes, go to [Astronomer Cloud Release Notes](release-notes). If you have any questions or a bug to report, don't hesitate to reach out to us via Slack or [support@astronomer.io](mailto:support@astronomer.io).

## Astronomer Runtime 4.0.2

- Release date: October 29, 2021
- Airflow version: 2.2.1

### Minor Improvements

> - Upgraded to [Airflow 2.2.1](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/changelog.html#airflow-2-2-1-2021-10-29)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for [Airflow 2.2.1](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/changelog.html#airflow-2-2-1-2021-10-29), which includes a series of bug fixes that address intermittent problems with database migrations from Airflow 2.1 to Airflow 2.2.
```
